subsys: samples: Align timers configuration to new NRFX (#11850)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Support for the nRF52840 DK.

  * Updated:

>     * Aligned timers configurations to the new NRFX API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Aligned timers' configurations to the new nrfx API.
```

* Removed the random hardware unique key sample.
  The sample is redundant since its functionality is presented as part of the :ref:`hw_unique_key_usage` sample.

* :ref:`radio_test` sample:

>   * Aligned timer configaration to new the NRFX API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Aligned the timer's configuration to the new nrfx API.
```

  * :ref:`nrf_security` library, relocated from the sdk-nrfxlib repository to the :file:`subsys/nrf_security` directory.

> * Updated
> 
>   * :ref:`cpu_load` library, aligned timer configaration to new the NRFX API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated:

  * :ref:`cpu_load` library by aligning the timer's configuration to the new nrfx API.
```
